oh whoa whoa tackled by a girl but good
you don't see that every day do you
what whoa what's with the tackling what
I just touched him and he went over look
you want to play rough we can play rough
I already put it
Oh
hey we can get that hmm I went really
long to do this we are playing for women
everywhere okay just think about every
lousy date you ever had okay every guy
who kept one eye on the TV while you're
making out oh my god you did it someone
with a glass eye too
okay come on this is for all womankind
let's kill him yeah all right well no I
mean I want to kill them too but they're
boys you know how are we gonna beat
three boys
I still have a minute and a half left to
go and we're down by two points okay two
points ladies Phoebe get open Rachel
go long okay great
hello
you know hate you funny thing actually
the end zone starts dead pole so you're
five feet short so we win wait wait wait
maybe to explain something to me though
if if nobody tagged rachels then isn't
the play still going a little woman guys
guys come on it's Thanksgiving it's not
important who wins or loses important
thing is the Dutch girl picked me
me not you Holland loves Chandler Thank
You Amsterdam good night
how stuffing is amazing oh do you think
we should bring them some when they're
hungry enough they'll come in let go
it's always us left on the field hold on
the ball I don't know if the other
people just don't care enough Hey
starting to snow